Create 2022-09-14-supabase-expo-password-reset.md- (#262)
shipshapecode/website-nuxt: content/blog/posts/2022-09-14-supabase-expo-password-reset.md

---
authorId: ncrmro
categories: 
  - supabase
  - rollup
date: '2022-09-15'
slug: supabase-account-password-reset-cli
title: How to reset a supabase account password without working frontend.
---

# Why

When doing some greenfield work with a native application and [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) there was not an easy
way to set users' passwords without having a way to handle the redirect back from Supabase.

# What

The script found in the snippet below allows us to set a password for a live email that we have access to that has been added to our supabase
instance.

# How

> The [supabase-js](https://github.com/supabase/supabase-js) provides the [passwordResetForEmail function](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/auth-api-resetpasswordforemail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [supabase-js](https://github.com/supabase/supabase-js) package provides the [passwordResetForEmail function](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/javascript/auth-api-resetpasswordforemail).
```

> Normally your server call's this when a password reset is attempted, the user receives an email with a URL with a password reset token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, your server calls this when a password reset is attempted. The user then receives an email with a URL and a password reset token.
```
